Update event QR content for new OAuth features (#4844)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

  are exported. (:issue:`4785`, :issue:`4586`, :issue:`4587`, :issue:`4791`,
  :pr:`4820`)
- Allow adding groups/roles as "authorized abstract submitters" (:pr:`4834`)

> - New version of the event QR code that enables code-with-PKCE flow in the Check-in App
>   (:pr:`4844`)

Reviewer: What about something like this?

```suggestion
- Use a more compact setup QR code for the mobile *Indico check-in* app; the latest version of
  the app is now required. (:pr:`4844`)
```
